# I think I've been framed

DORIAN is a man in his 30s, unhappy in his life and work and drinking to cope.

MARIE is his sister--the last person in his life still trying to maintain a relationship
with him through his self-destruction and vitriol.

# SCENE ID "initial-alley": Alley
DORIAN stands in an alley doorway, phone held up to his ear.

MARIE's voice yells from the phone speaker.

MARIE (telephone): Just come home! God, Dorian, whatever happened--whatever you did just
tell me where you are! I'll come I'll help you! I'll--

Dorian hangs up.

DORIAN (to himself): Where I am--

He glances around for a street sign; catches sight of one.

DORIAN: Marbury and 3rd, seems like. Christ. I need to stop drinking.

DORIAN: What I did--


*DIP TO BLACK*

VO: I have no idea. But it sounds like I've been framed for murder.

## OPTIONS
"Who would I have killed?" --> "initial-alley-who-did-i-kill"
"Why am I at Marbury and 3rd?" --> "why-marbury-and-3rd"


# SCENE ID "why-marbury-and-3rd": Alley
DORIAN: Why am I at Marbury and 3rd? I have no reason to be in this part of town.

## OPTIONS
"Who would I have killed?" --> "initial-alley-who-did-i-kill"
"What's in my pockets?" --> "initial-inventory"

# SCENE ID "initial-inventory"
DORIAN: Why do I have a bus ticket? I'll drive, cab, or walk, but I _don't_ bus.

DORIAN: It's dated for 11PM last night.

## CLUE
Dorian took the bus here.

# SCENE ID "initial-alley-who-did-i-kill"
DORIAN: Who would I have killed? Maybe I should call Marie back and ask her who's
		supposed to be dead.

## OPTIONS
"Call and ask" --> "marie-who-did-i-kill"
"Are you kidding? No way." --> "ponder-who-did-i-kill"

# SCENE ID "ponder-who-did-i-kill"
DORIAN: Maybe it was my boss. He'd be no loss to the world.

DORIAN: Hmm. No, I really don't think I would have done that--fantasize as I might.


*TO FILE #2*

# SCENE ID "marie-who-did-i-kill"
DORIAN take sout his phone, dials, and holds it to his ear.

MARIE picks up after a single ring.

MARIE: Dorian! Dorian! Whe--

DORIAN: What's the dead guy's name?

MARIE: What?

DORIAN: The guy they say I killed. What's his name.

MARIE: Jeff McKenzie. Why? Dorian, the police are--

DORIAN hangs up.


*TO FILE #2*
