# I think I've been framed

DORIAN is a man in his 30s, unhappy in his life and work and drinking to cope.

MARIE is his sister--the last person in his life still trying to maintain a relationship
with him through his self-destruction and vitriol.

# SCENE ID "initial-alley": Alley
DORIAN stands in an alley doorway, phone held up to his ear.

MARIE's voice yells from the phone speaker.

MARIE (telephone): Just come home, Dorian. This is too much, even for you.
                   I know he screwed you over, but you can't--you can't just--

DORIAN: Marie. Slow down. I didn't *kill* anybody for God's sake.

*DIP TO BLACK FOR VOICE OVER*
DORIAN (VO): Did I?

DORIAN (to Marie): Tell me just what it is you think is going on.

MARIE (telephone): If you didn't do it, then you have nothing to hide. You can turn
                   yourself in. Where *are* you? I'll come pick you up. We can drive to
                   the station together--

DORIAN: Marie. Stop. What's going on?

MARIE (telephone): Where *are* you, Dorian? What did you do? *What* did you--

Dorian hangs up.

DORIAN: Damnit.

DORIAN (to himself): Where *am* I?

He glances around for a street sign; catches sight of one.

DORIAN: Marbury and 3rd, seems like. Christ. I need to stop drinking.

DORIAN: And what *have* I done?

Dorian looks at a spot of blood on the cuff of his sleeve.

*DIP TO BLACK*

DORIAN (VO): Murder?

DORIAN (VO): After the year I've had, I ... wouldn't put it past myself.

## OPTIONS
"Who have I killed?" --> "initial-alley-who-did-i-kill"
"Why am I at Marbury and 3rd?" --> "why-marbury-and-3rd"


# SCENE ID "why-marbury-and-3rd": Alley
DORIAN: Why am I at Marbury and 3rd? I have no reason to be in this part of town.

## OPTIONS
"Who would I have killed?" --> "initial-alley-who-did-i-kill"
"What's in my pockets?" --> "initial-inventory"

# SCENE ID "initial-inventory"
DORIAN: Why do I have a bus ticket? I'll drive, cab, or walk, but I _don't_ bus.

DORIAN: It's dated for 2AM last night.

## CLUE: Bus LVL 1
Dorian took the bus here.

# SCENE ID "initial-alley-who-did-i-kill"
DORIAN: Who would I have killed? Maybe I should call Marie back and ask her who's
        supposed to be dead.

## OPTIONS
"Call and ask" --> "marie-who-did-i-kill"
"Are you kidding? No way." --> "ponder-who-did-i-kill"

# SCENE ID "ponder-who-did-i-kill"
DORIAN: Maybe it was my boss. He's certainly screwed me over. Hmm. That's not quite
        right.

DORIAN: My landlord? No, that feels further from the truth.

DORIAN: I *saw* my boss last night. Did we run into each other at the bar? Could I have
        gotten so drunk I somehow ... ? No. That's not it. Damn. My head really is a
        mess if I can't piece even this much together.

DORIAN: In that case, working theory: I've murdered my boss.

DORIAN: Christ.


--> "police-segue-1"

# SCENE ID "marie-who-did-i-kill"
DORIAN takes out his phone, dials, and holds it to his ear.

MARIE picks up after a single ring.

MARIE: Dorian! Dorian! Where--

DORIAN: What's the dead guy's name?

MARIE: What?

DORIAN: The guy they say I killed. What's his name?

MARIE: Jeff McKenzie. Why? Dorian, the police are--

DORIAN hangs up.

DORIAN (VO): Jeff Goddamn McKenzie. Well. It's official. I'm a murderer. Because I
             *know* I would kill Jeff if I got the chance.

DORIAN (VO): Conniving bastard stole my promotion, pinned me for a massive project
             failure, and still somehow acts all buddy buddy every time we're in a
             room together. Makes me sick. And those backhanded complements--delivered
             in front of the whole company, no less. I'd kill him a second time.

DORIAN (VO): But that's idle fantasy. How off my shits was I last night if I actually
             made it happen?

## CLUE: Jeff McKenzie LVL1
The dead man is called Jeff McKenzie. He's a longtime workplace rival of Dorian.

--> "police-segue-1"

# SCENE ID "police-segue-1"
Dorian is lost in thought for a moment.

VOICE (offscreen, yelling): Freeze!

A police officer is starting down the alley to Dorian.

DORIAN (alarmed, V.O.): I gotta get out of here!





*TO FILE #2*
