# The Angry Young Punk

# SCENE ID "young-punk": Alley
DORIAN (V.O.): Run. Just keep running. God, my head hurts.

The camera looks straight down the street, zooming in in discrete jumps,
to simulate the jerky motion of a run from Dorian's perspective.

A flash of white.

TEENAGER: Hey!

He yells as he reals backward from his collision with Dorian.

TEENAGER: Watch where you're going! Who do you think you are? Wait--

He goes from angry to furious.

TEENAGER: *You!* What did you do with my e-scooter, asshole?

DORIAN (distracted): I have no idea what you're talking about.

He glances over his shoulder.

*DIP TO BLACK FOR VO*

DORIAN (V.O.): I seem to have lost that cop, at least.

TEENAGER: Bullshit! You stumbled off the bus last night and grabbed it right out of my
          hands!

DORIAN (V.O.): Interesting.

## OPTIONS
"What bus stop was it?" --> "young-punk-what-bus-stop"
"Did I seem drunk?" --> "young-punk-was-i-drunk"

# SCENE ID "young-punk-what-bus-stop": Alley
DORIAN: What bus stop was it?

TEENAGER: Is that supposed to be a gotcha?

DORIAN: No. I seriously want to know.

TEENAGER: 2 blocks east. You got off the #47 on Marbury and 5th at like 3AM. Are you ...
          OK?

## CLUE: Bus LVL 2
Dorian got off the #47 bus on Marbury and 5th at approximately 3AM last night.

## OPTIONS (flavour. all continue the scene unchanged.)
"Yes" --> "47-at-marbury-and-5th"
"No" --> "47-at-marbury-and-5th"
"Mind your own business." --> "homeless-man-segue"

Dorian starts walking.


# SCENE ID "young-punk-am-i-drunk"
DORIAN: Did I seem drunk?

TEENAGER: Drunk? No. On something, maybe. Not booze. Honestly, you looked more *scared*
          than anything.

*DIP TO BLACK FOR VO*

DORIAN (VO): *Not* booze. Imagine that. I'm not really one to use anything else. Does
             this look like a kid to know his drugs?

## CLUE: Drug LVL 1
Dorian might have been on something other than booze last night.

## OPTIONS (flavour. all continue the scene unchanged.)
"Definitely" --> "bus-stop-uncertainty"
"Not really"  --> "bus-stop-uncertainty"


# SCENE ID "bus-stop-uncertainty": Alley
DORIAN (VO): In any case, something *really* isn't right here. None of this sounds
like me at all.

Dorian starts to walk away from the teenager

TEENAGER: Hey. Hey!

Dorian keeps walking.

He passes by a bus stop.

DORIAN (VO): I wonder if this is the bus stop that kid was talking about. I could try
to figure out where the bus goes, but I have no way to know for sure.

--> TO FILE 3

# SCENE ID "47-at-marbury-and-5th": Alley
DORIAN (VO): In any case, something *really* isn't right here. None of this sounds
like me at all.

Dorian starts to walk away from the teenager

TEENAGER: Hey. Hey!

Dorian keeps walking.

DORIAN (VO): This is 3rd street. So then the bus stop should be just up this way.

Dorian pauses to look at a bus stop.

DORIAN (VO): #47 like the kid said. Maybe if I get on it, I can get back to--no wait.
             I'd have to cross the street and go the other way--

--> TO FILE 3
