# MCKENZIE THE YOUNGER

# SCENE ID "meeting-the-homeless-man": Alley near the Bus Stop
A homeless man in a doorway calls out to Dorian.

HOMELESS MAN: Hey! Hey buddy!

## OPTIONS
"Uh ... hey. Do you know me too?" --> "homeless-man-knows-you"
[Ignore him] --> "ignored-homeless-man"

# SCENE ID "homeless-man-knows-you"
HOMELESS MAN: 'Course. You were in pretty rough shape last night. Don't know what they
               gave you, but you were out of it.

## OPTIONS
"Who's they?" --> "who-drugged-me"
"What happened?" --> "what-happened"

# SCENE ID "ignored-homeless-man"
HOMELESS MAN: Hey you! You still got blood on you! Didn't I say to wash your hands? You
              missed a spot!

Damian freezes.

DAMIAN: Were there last night?

HOMELESS MAN: Yeah.

## OPTIONS
Kill him --> "kill-homeless man"
Say, "What did you see?" --> "what-happened"

# SCENE ID "who-drugged-me"
HOMELESS MAN: Well, the people who dragged you up the stairs to him I'd assume.
              Mob, if I had to guess. Jeff said something about his boss taking
              money.

DORIAN: Wait--Jeff McKenzie?

HOMELESS MAN: My brother.

DORIAN: Do you know who *I* am?

HOMELESS MAN: The guy they framed.

## OPTIONS:
"Framed? No buddy. I definitely killed him." --> "i-killed-jeff-mckenzie"
"What did you see?" --> "interrupted-what-happened"

# SCENE ID "interrupted-what-happened"
HOMELESS MAN: Like I said--I saw them drag you up the stairs to him--Shit!

DORIAN: What?

Narrow horizonal screen frames homeless man's eyes in close-up, like a cowbow movie,
banded in black above and below. Pan to the side to show a cop in the distance,
coming up the road.

DORIAN: Shit.

DORIAN: Take care, man.

Dorian runs.

--> TO FILE 3.5

# SCENE ID "what-happened"
HOMELESS MAN: You were in no state to do anything when they brought you there son. I
              saw. Even when you stumbled back out all covered in blood, it was
              obvious. They're tryna get you outta the picture too, Lord knows why.

DORIAN: Brought me where?

HOMELESS MAN: To my brother's house. I've been hanging close by. He hates it when I do
              that, but I've been worried about him. He found out something he shouldn't
              have. So I watch his home in the night.

HOMELESS MAN: They pull up with the car, yeah? I think 'this is it; he's gonna die.'
              So I start throwing rocks at the window, tryna wake him. And then I see
              they're dragging this limp body out of the car. I thought *he* was gonna
              be framed for *your* murder. But no, you're breathing still. Heavy, like.
              A real puzzler.

HOMELESS MAN: Until you stumbled out an hour later, bloody, saying there's a dead man
              and you don't know what to do. I told you: 'clean your hands in that
              puddle there, son, and then run.

Sudden alarm in his expression.

HOMELESS MAN: Shit. Cops.

There's a cop behind Dorian, maybe one street back.

Dorian glances back as the cop draws nearer.

He runs.

--> TO FILE 3.5
# SCENE ID "kill-homeless-man"
"He's not expecting it."

*Flash the screen red.*

"A quick brick to the head is all it takes."

The homeless man lies bleeding. Dorian runs.


--> TO FILE 3.5

# SCENE "i-killed-jeff-mckenzie"
HOMELESS MAN: What?

DORIAN: I killed Jeff McKenzie.

HOMELESS MAN (bold text, larger): WHAT?

The homeless man stands, wielding the bottle in his hand like a weapon.

*Screen flashes red*

Zoom in on homeless man incrementally, panning so his face is cut off--a worm's eye
view.

HOMELESS MAN: Kill my brother? You'll see ...

*Screen flashes red.*

HOMELESS MAN: You'll see ... Hell's gates today.

END
